So in here,
we're creating this result variable, or
concept should say, and logging it,
but we can use that in the UI.
We can say that once there is a result
we show either the big green check or
the big red cross.
Before we can do that, we're gonna
need to take it out of that function.
And let's call it last result.
And then just change const
result into last result.
And then we're gonna need to show
that check but you've seen that on
here when this happens, it appears for
a minute and then it goes away.
It doesn't just immediately advance to the
next round because then you wouldn't get
any useful feedback.
So we're gonna need to change this submit
function to an asynchronous function.
And then after the last
result has been set,
we're gonna need to wait for
let's say 1500 milliseconds.
There's a way that I like to do this,
which is to create a sleep function.
So in my utilities file down here,
utils.js, I'm going to
export a new function.
I'm gonna call it sleep.
That's going to take
milliseconds as an argument.
And it's gonna return a promise.
Which takes a handle here,
fulfill, then we do set timeout,
fulfill after the set
number of milliseconds.
Okay?
So I'm gonna import that in here.
Import sleep from ../Utils.
And then once we've set the result in
our submit handler, I'm just gonna
do a wait sleep 1500 and nothing else
can happen while that's going on.
So now we need to actually
use that information somehow.
See if we have a last result,
We're gonna create an image,
Give it a class, giant result.
Give it an alt attribute.
Feed in last result which is
gonna be either right or wrong.
And then that said the alt attribute is
gonna be the right answer or wrong answer.
And then the source of that image
is gonna be one of the icons
that is already in the public directory.
Just take that SVG and
throw it onto the screen.
Obviously, we need to add some CSS for
that, so let's do that down here.
It's gonna be in the same position
every time, so we use position fixed.
And we're gonna make it a square and
the way that we can do this quite easily
is to use the v min length in CSS,
which is the minimum of the width and
the height of the screen.
So 50 v min is either gonna
be half of the width or
half the height depending on whether
you're looking at an oblong or
whatever the opposite
of an oblong screen is.
Same for height.
And then we can do 50vw minus
25vmin to get it positioned
in the middle of the screen.
Similarly, 50vh take 25vmin to
get it vertically centered, and
we're gonna fade out of it,
give it a pasty of naught 0.5.
Okay, move over to our game screen.
And so
this time if we click on one of these,
the image is gonna appear in
the middle of the screen,
which is exactly what we want,
but it's not getting cleared out.
So we're going to need to do that
after we're finished awaiting.
Just do last result equals null and
then we can get on with the game.
So this time.
Okay, that's what we want.
And then finally, for the game UI,
we need to add this row of results
at the bottom of the screen.
We're gonna stay working
in the game.cell component.
It's gonna collapse some of these
things that we're not using right now.
So we've got this results div already,
everything is gonna go inside here.
Before we can do anything,
we're gonna need an array that represents
the results that we've had so far.
So let's just do that up here.
Const results equals, and
it's just gonna be an empty array with
the same length as the number of rounds,
selection, like that.
And then in here we can iterate over that,
even though it's an empty array with
holes in it, we can write over it because
it just uses the length property.
Each results as result.
Gonna give each of those a span.
And if we have a result for this round,
then we'll use the same
image that we had before.
Just chuck that in there,
except this time it's not gonna
have this giant result class.
Okay, the last thing that we need to
do then is assign to the results array.
At the same as we clear
out the last result.
Okay.
Something's not worked exactly
the way that we wanted it to here.
So let's take a look at that.
Okay, so here,
I'm using last result, but actually,
I should be using this right here.
That's the danger of copying and
pasting your work.
We're also going to need to add
some CSS for this results div.
Let's just go and steal it.
Get some styles for
each individual result.
And finally for
the images inside each of those spans.
Now because the results div is using
a CSS Grid, we need to tell it how many
items it's gonna have, otherwise it's
not gonna know how to lay things out.
So div class results is gonna get an
inline style with grid template columns.
And we're just gonna repeat for however
many things we have in our results array.
And that's gonna be 1fr.
So that's just gonna get
divided up into ten blocks,
each of which is gonna contain,
One of the images.
Okay, so that's working.
It's taking the big giant image and
then is replacing it with a little one
that's keeping track of performance so
far.
Does fel support Sass or
less within the single file components?
And the answer is yes, it does.
Not natively, Svelte itself doesn't
understand anything other than HTML,
CSS, and JavaScript.
But you can pre-process your Svelte
components using a module called
Svelte Preprocess, which will take
in the contents of the component,
and then transform the contents of your
script block and your style block and
the component as a whole,
in any way that you specify.
So in that way you can run
your script through Babel.
You can use TypeScript after reflection,
and
you can use things like SASS and
LESS as well.